Well, ladies and gentlemen, the situation
where you're
in love and then your lover
leaves you can cause you a
great deal of suffering.  She received many
messages about similar situations.  So,
this is a situation where someone who's been
dumped by their lover sends a message to her.  Nick Quynh Anh.   My
daughter and her boyfriend have been together for a year, and their
relationship isn't exactly romantic.
But I consider it a beautiful love story.  But
I don't know why she made
the decision to study abroad a long time ago without
telling me.  My friend and I had an argument a few days ago,
and then she told me she's going to
study abroad.  This is also the reason why
she broke up with her child.  She said that because she
was going to study abroad, she didn't want her child to wait.
I begged them to stop calling.  She doesn't
answer the phone and doesn't reply to my messages
.  I accidentally accessed her Facebook profile and
read the messages she exchanged
with someone else.  Within a few days,
those two exchanged messages and
addressed each other in a very intimate way.  From what I
know, he's not the type of
person who easily falls in love like that.  In a fit of
rage, I took a screenshot of the
conversation and sent a message saying I
hated her and never wanted to see
her again.  My child blocked me on Facebook and all other
forms of contact.  I'm so confused, teacher.
I'm confused between the
beautiful memories and the deceitfulness of my
friend.  I hope you can answer my question.  Please give me some
advice.
There are many reasons why couples break up.
But in reality, it's simply a matter of falling
in love if you're destined to, and not getting married if you're not meant to be together
.  That's how you should think to
ease your mind, and it aligns with the law of cause and
effect.  When I go to the market, I can
see so many flowers.  I went out
today because I intended to buy flowers as a gift
for someone, hoping to please them.
Then I could go to an entire flower market,
pick them up, look at them, and search for them.  But
in the end, I only chose a few
flowers that I liked.  Therefore, you
children must have that mindset when it comes to
love.  When their boyfriends leave them, the children wo
n't feel so lost and disappointed.  When two people are in love, they
create many
beautiful memories.
It's like when we like a
flower, we put it in
a vase and admire it
for a long time.  There, we remember that.
But we only stay for one, two, or three days before
we get bored and don't want to
anymore. We should at least capture the moment when the
flower is beautiful, not when
we're tired of it.
That's often our problem: we
cling to the beauty and fail to see the
present moment when the flower has withered.  It's the same here
.  A beautiful love story is one where we
cherish the memories.  As for the present situation,
we should address it by dealing with what is
happening in the present.  If
we forget the present and
keep living in the past, we will be the
ones who suffer completely.  It's not just in the
realm of love, but in
all other areas as well, if we keep dwelling
on the past, we will suffer
and we won't find a
solution.  In Buddhism, there is a saying: "
Do not dwell on the past, do not yearn for the future
, and dwell in the present moment; that is true
Nirvana."  That means if we address the issue in the
present moment,
we will be liberated.  Therefore,
we will find peace and happiness.  So,
during our time together,
I've already preserved the beautiful things about you
in my memories.  But there's a
bad side of you that I've only just
discovered now.  So, I've discovered that within you there
is deceit, heartlessness, and
betrayal of my feelings.  And I've
taken this as a lesson for
myself.  When you don't know why someone left
you, it's because you don't know
why they loved you.  So I
don't know why they left me
.  You need to think about
your present situation.  If
you intend to study abroad, it means you're concerned about
your future.
Your future will be brighter when
you return from studying abroad, or if you stay there,
you don't intend to provide that brighter future
for your grandchild.  That's your dishonesty
and your bad side.  You have to live
in the present moment.  And what's more, you
heartlessly started
dating someone else right after breaking up with my niece.  That's your bad point,
but if you keep those two things in mind,
then you'll realize that you're actually
quite fortunate.  But if you
bring it back, or if you go abroad to
study for a while and then
reveal this bad side of yourself, then by then
I will have wasted my youth waiting for you, and that
would be a
waste.  You should think, "Ah, I'm still
lucky."  They revealed their true nature
right away, letting me know
how to leave them, how to get rid of them, because
if I waited any longer, I would suffer greatly.  There you go
.  That's the blessing I
still have.  And you should think about what
you need to do.  When you're
dumped by your lover like this,
you have to live in the present and clearly understand
the reason why you were dumped.  And when I
understand the reason, I adjust myself and
I start thinking about the blessings I get
from starting over when people leave me,
and how I haven't suffered
any harm.  That means I will reflect on
my own good fortune.  So what are the reasons why, if you
love someone like this and then
they betray you,
treat you without love?
There are many reasons for this, but one
of them is living a life
without compassion or meaning.  That means when we do
anything, we do it according to our own will.
I didn't think about whether what I did made
people happy or whether it caused them
suffering.  That's why it will
become this part of my character.
But I didn't mean any harm by doing this
.  So you're lucky that
people revealed their true nature
before you suffered too much loss.  So
now, you should cultivate virtue by
considering whether your actions cause others
suffering
, sadness, or
loss, and whether
they find joy in doing what you do.
If you cultivate good karma like this, you will
be able to change this situation, and the next time you
find a lover, they will be
more sincere towards you.   He is
more loyal to his nephew.  Dear
friends, this question relates to
the issue of marrying someone from abroad, marrying someone from a
foreign country, and becoming a daughter-in-law in a foreign land.  Ah, Yen would like to read
the question from you, Lich Hong Bui.
Madam, life is truly terrifying.
I got married when I was
too young and immature.
My daughter married someone from a distant land, and she lived in
tears as a daughter-in-law in a foreign country.  But nobody
understands me; everyone in Vietnam just
blames me and pressures me about
money.
My child is only one month old and I have
n't been able to go back to work yet.  I really don't have any
money.
Now I don't know what to do.  Excuse me, ma'am, could you give me some
advice?  Honestly, when
I married a foreigner
without love,
my purpose was simply to get there
for financial reasons.  And my loved ones are
always waiting for me.  Economically.
Few people still think about whether they are
happy or whether they have money.
If they had that kind of love, she
was sure her parents wouldn't
let her marry someone from her hometown,
wouldn't let her marry a foreigner,
wouldn't let her become a daughter-in-law in a foreign land.  A
young woman has many things to confide in;
when she gets married, she experiences much sadness and
desperately needs her loved ones to share her burdens with.
Because the mother herself had been
married before.  When getting married, it's also very important to have the support and understanding
of parents and
siblings.  Sometimes these things can't be
discussed with the husband's family or
with the husband himself.
If I had thought about loving my children, my siblings, and
my relatives, I wouldn't have
let myself marry someone from a distant land like this.  The
way to resolve this is for you to have an
honest conversation with your family,
sharing your financial situation
and
your feelings towards them, so that
you can build a new relationship and change
the old one
.  My old relationship with my
family was always about
economic matters,
about money.  When their
family faces difficulties and needs money, they
immediately think of calling me, but
instead, they fail to build a
new relationship based on
human kindness.  They focus on whether the child is sick,
healthy, or happy,
completely forgetting about the relationship itself and instead focusing on
the relationship based on money.  This
is something Yen has also been looking forward to.
Young people of today's generation
should not
run away
from the present.  That means I
don't have any money right now, so I have to go over
there to find some.  Meanwhile, on the other side,
we haven't really grasped
anything, we don't know what it will be like, which causes
us a lot of suffering.
My life cannot be bought
with money; it must be about happiness.
What happens to people when they have a lot of money?
Does money truly bring happiness?
If you live far away, you ca
n't experience the warmth of
family.  If every time my family calls, I
only call them about money, then gradually I will
lose the affection I have for my family.
My family is no longer a source of emotional support for
me.  So, I'm going to marry someone from
abroad, someone from a distant land.  If we don't
think carefully, we will lose the
affection we have for our loved ones, and we will
lose the affection our loved ones have
for us.  They don't care about me,
they only care about money, and I no longer
have feelings for them, yet I'm always
afraid when they call me.  When my parents
call, I get scared too.  When
my relatives called, I was scared too.  That means
I've lost my feelings.
Even with a lot of money, if you
lose that kind of love, you'll still suffer.
And when I have little money, I lose
affection, but it turns into
frustration, annoyance, discomfort, and sometimes even
hatred towards my loved ones.  Simply because
the relationship between them has shifted from a close,
emotional one to a
financial one.  These are things
that you should think very deeply and thoroughly about if you intend to marry a local man for
money, or a foreigner for money.
We may
live in poverty, but at least we
still have the bonds of kinship.
We may live in a little poverty,
but if we have encouragement from
loved ones and strong emotional bonds with
our family and siblings, things will be
much better.  In your case,
you should be completely honest with your family,
like you confided in her and said that
you're devoted to your family but you also have to
focus on your own life.  I won't wait
until I'm rich to give to my parents or
send money home; I'll just live comfortably
enough.  Trying to save money to send
back to family.  But I hope everyone
will send me their love.
Regarding the money aspect, I'd prefer to leave it to my own
discretion; please don't pressure me too much about
it.  My life is very hard, and I'm
afraid that the burden of money will weigh me down, so
I've become my source of worry.  That's
also what I hope for all young people who
intend to go abroad to marry or become a
daughter-in-law in a foreign country.  There are
many such hardships.  Therefore,
you need to decide beforehand.  Dear
friends, many young people want to be
loved sincerely by others, and they
also want to give their feelings to
others sincerely and
receive love in return that is genuine and
sincere.  Question/message from
Lich
Luong Thuy Phuong.  Excuse me, teacher, I have a question and
would like you to explain and give me some advice.
I've always found it difficult to accept
someone's love, and when I do love someone, I'm
sincere and faithful.  But why do I
always encounter people who only approach me
to take advantage of me?  If things don't go their way, they
immediately move on to flirting with someone else.
There were children who once loved their parents very much, but their parents
refused to let them have their way
.
Then I found out that people were flirting and trying to seduce
other people as well.  I'm telling the truth.   The
other woman didn't believe her child, saying that
people who can't have something will destroy it.  Meanwhile, the
scoundrel continues to live happily and carefree.
And his victims are left with a
bad reputation.  For several years, I didn't dare to fall in love with anyone.
I recently met someone online.  Then
we met up and went out to play.  I think they're
nice people, kind and considerate towards me.
But after two months, when they asked for
intimacy, I refused.  We broke
up, and nobody even bothered to
care.  Then I also learned that
this person loves very much and loves everyone they date, just
like they demand from me.  Now that I've lost
faith and love, I don't dare
to love anyone anymore.  I don't know what to do;
the more I try to live a good life, the more terrible people I meet
.  Please teach me, teacher.
My true love is... well, I also
really long to be loved sincerely by someone else
.
However, whether
someone truly loves you or
not can only be discovered after they have been in a relationship with you for a while
.  So, I
have a small piece of advice to
share with you girls: when you accept someone's
proposal, you should immediately ask, "
What do you love about me?"
Then you'll know
what your lover loves about you.
Through many conversations, you
will be able to change
others, to change your friends
so that people see you for your
personality, and they know that you see
them for their personality as well.
Only then can I find
someone who truly loves me, and also
transform those who don't truly love me
into loving me sincerely.  She
simply gave an example, saying, "Well, I don't
expect much."  I just want the person
I love to be genuinely interested in
family life.  I have a little dream
about having a family like this and that.  In
many conversations, children should use
euphemisms.  I don't want to give away
my virginity before marriage; I
want to save it for my future husband
.  So, if you were
my true husband, then you
would be the one I would give myself to.
So, I've been saying this ever since
I accepted his proposal or from the moment
he started pursuing me.  So, if you like a
man like this, or a
man like that, let
people know clearly that if they're
not right for you, they
won't approach you in the first place.  If I
have that kind of mindset and that kind of way of
speaking, I'll find
someone who is truly sincere with me.
And I also do research, and others
should do the same, to learn about
personality and lifestyle.  And I
skillfully presented myself in
conversations with people so that they would
want to be with me, and they would
adjust their behavior accordingly.  That's how
I get to be loved genuinely, and in return, I
love others genuinely.  Because
the points that I needed have already
been adjusted, and they have improved
to the level I desired.  So,
she will help you develop that way of thinking
so that you can have a
better life after marriage.  Dear
friends, Yen is here with a question about
love when a third person is involved.  So
when we're in love, we also
want our love to be
complete, to get to know each other without a
third person interfering.  But
what should we do in situations like that?  The question comes from Nick
Nhat Oanh.  My girlfriend and I are in love
, and suddenly a third person comes between
us.
That third guy already has a girlfriend,
but my girlfriend likes him,
ma'am.  I'm still very much in love with my
boyfriend.  What should I do now,
Auntie?   It
's truly agonizing when you're in love with
someone.  It's a love affair, but someone else is
interfering.  In this time of suffering, you should
contemplate the law of cause and effect.  It's really about
the law of cause and effect.
In a past life, I caused the breakup of
other people's relationships.  For example, we are
parents and our children love each other, but
their love isn't the kind that
brings suffering. For instance, we might
interfere in their love because of superstition, or
we, as
siblings, might add fuel to the fire by spreading
rumors and causing discord between them.
Or it could be because of friends or any other
reason. We might even interfere with the
neighbor's child, and so on.
But for unjustified reasons
, for unjustified advice,
I simply hated the two of them
or their family.  That means,
for some unjustified reason,
superstition, hatred, or something else,
you try to break up someone else's relationship.
But that love was a truly
beautiful kind of love.  If I cause people to fall apart,
then my destiny
will lead me to fall in love with someone who is destined to be
with someone else.
So, while they were in love with me, they ended up falling in love
with someone else.  I have to endure
that suffering because it is the consequence of my
past actions, the karma from a previous life, and that's why my love life has to be this way
.  Love had to be like that, so that
I would have to pay the price like that.
Therefore, you should repent for
this karma, and from now on, you must discern
which loves are good and beautiful, and then
nurture them.  As for superstitious
beliefs and false doctrines, let's not
add or subtract from their words in a way that causes
division and estrangement among people.  That's what
she generally said.  But here, you need to
think more broadly.  Uh.  What about the
present moment?  I also know
that if this girlfriend
had this kind of personality and became
my wife, she would definitely cheat on me
.  Because they have a karmic destiny of being
unfaithful.  There.  So,
while we're in love, we should also
talk to our girlfriends and ask, "What do you love about me
?"  So, there are things about you that you
need to fix.  When in love, you should
start the relationship in this way, allowing your
girlfriend to always get to know you
, to understand your inner self and your personality
.  When I'm the one listening, my
girlfriend feels very
satisfied.  Because, in reality, what a
girl in love likes most is
for her boyfriend to listen to her opinions
and correct any negative aspects of her character. As a
boyfriend, you should
also tell your girlfriend, "I love you for this, but there are things
you should improve on," so that you
can truly love each other
.  So when another person comes along,
your girlfriend can test them
by pointing out their flaws, saying things
like, "If you don't
change, then of course they'll have to
consider it, and they'll choose you."  So
this is a way to change the
circumstances so that we can transform the outcome.
Because cause and effect change, so too will cause and
effect to change.  For people, spiritual practice is about cultivating the
present moment and understanding the circumstances.  Therefore, by
creating positive conditions and eliminating negative ones,
we can transform
our karmic obstacles.  This is also considered a
blessing for you, my grandchild.  Your good fortune is that
he betrayed you right from the start, while you were still in love
.  If they
betray me after I've taken it, I'll have to start all over again, which is
very difficult.  So, this can also be considered
my good fortune.  The truth is, there are many
people who interfere in the
relationships of young people because love
doesn't automatically mean marriage,
so they have the right to get to know each other.  But you
should also avoid loving two people at the same
time. If you feel one person isn't right for you,
you should remind them or use
loving words to help
them improve. If they can't
change, then you should say that's
why you can't love them, and then
break up with them before moving on to someone
else.  You should talk directly to
your girlfriend and tell her that you feel this way, that she's
hurting you deeply, and that
you really want to hear what's
in her heart.  To make it clear, so that
he knows he loves me very much too
.  However, if this
causes you sadness
or doubt about me,
it will ruin our relationship
.  He loves you very much too.  So,
I hope that you and your nephew will change
yourselves, and that you will wait a while until your
girlfriend loves you again, then you can
change and tell her about your feelings, that you
shouldn't hurt him
because you hurt him too
.  If he had done the same,
I would have been very sad and
hurt too.  Therefore, let's never
hurt each other.  That's how I
can put it to you.
[music]